---
layout: post
title: TECH TALK(With David Lee)
---

January 12th Friday<br>

## 2nd Week (January 12th Friday)
- SPEAKER : *DAVID LEE* 

*“Failure without learning is true failure.”* <br>
*“Experience it while you are playing”* <br>

### QESTION LIST <br> 

***

**Q1.** What are the advantages and disadvantages of having to leave the company so fast that you have not worked in the company for more than three years?<br> 
**Ans** : <br>
Pros : Learn a lot. Not tired. <br>
Cons : Promotion is difficult. A lot of energy is consumed in changing job
 <br> 

***

**Q2.** In developing process, which experience is the most severe conflict experience?
(And why?)<br>
**Ans** :  <br> 
Almost everyday, everytime.<br>
If there's no conflict, He doesn't have to talk. the documentation about conflict is very important. Smarter person has more conflicts. Making a prototype is the best solution to deal with conflict.<br>

Main factor<br>
-technical limitation<br>
-trade-off between restriction and user preference<br>

***

**Q3.** In the case of software engineer, there is a standardized form of Interview. For the UX designer, how does interview work? <br>
**Ans** : <br> 
1 There are UX recruiters who see resumes and portfolios.<br>
2 Phone Interview with designer => checking if the applicant's project is true.<br>
3 Design test, answer for question about portfolio, explanation about design exercise presentation.

***

**Q4.** If there is an engineer interested in UX/UI, what should he prepare to become a
designer?
<br>
**Ans** : <br> 
Title is not important. <br>
The most important thing to be a designer is to see from the standpoint of others!

***

**Q5.** UX also seems to be able to discuss successes and failures. How can you define failures in UX?<br>
**Ans** : <br> 
*"True failure is failure without learning."*<br>

***

**Q6.** I would like to hear about David Lee's prototype design method, which is one of the best prototypes. Also, each method is important, but what do you usually use the   most?<br>
**Ans** : <br> 
69.5 <br>
*How to pass with the least work.*<br>
-Do not spend a lot of time because it is a one-time thing. <br>
-RITE : Rapid Iterative Testing and Evaluation 

***

**Q7.** It is written in a letter of recommendation that you are very creative and fresh, so how do you get inspiration for such ideas and how do you envision them?<br>
**Ans** : <br> 
-Education and Exercise<br>
-Believe in oneself<br>
-Keep thinking<br>

***

**Q8.** What was the difficulty of changing as an UX Designer when you started as a web designer and programmer<br>
**Ans** : <br> 
-Acting like an UX designer <br>
-Weak visual <br>

***

**Q9.** It is difficult to get recognition from others. Your Linked-in profile is full of praise for you from people who worked with you. What is the secret to becoming a person you want to work with?<br>
**Ans** : <br> 
-Authenticity and Effort<br>

***

**Q10.** As the smart car age is approaching recently, automobile UX is becoming very important, and I wonder if you have any related project experience or plans.<br>
**Ans** : <br> 
-Sorry. I don't know

***

**Q11.** I think there isn’t any jobs that is as sensitive to user reviews as UX Designer. I'm wondering specifically how you can get user reviews.<br>
**Ans** : <br> 
-A great variety of ways <br>
-Example, giving money in testing lab(one-side glass)<br>

***