---
layout: post
title: TECH TALK(With Seungwoo Lee)
---

January 19th friday

## 3rd Week (January 19th Friday)
- SPEAKER : *SEUNGWOO LEE* 

##### *"What you are doing now will be the result after 5 years"* <br>
##### *“Find your happiness”* <br>

### QESTION LIST <br> 

***

**Q1.** Uber has been told that there is discriminatory treatment for women. Basically, in a company with such a perception, is it necessary for a female engineer to survive in a company other than a skillful one?<br> 
**Ans** : <br>
-I think that CEOs should value equal culture. But Uber CEO was not. It has changed a lot now.<br>

***

**Q2.** I saw you worked as a web developer in Columbia University in the City of New York, What did you do as a web developer in graduate school?<br>
**Ans** :  <br> 
-Using Django framework, I developed a website that lets user know what a bird is when user take a picture of a bird and upload it.<br>

***

**Q3.** You’ve been on Facebook for four months, Have you ever felt totally seperated culture which can only found in Facebook? <br>
**Ans** : <br> 
-Facebook : move fast <br>
-Uber : kills each other<br>

***

**Q4.** After 3 years in Korea, you went to US. What is the pros and cons of Korean corporate culture and American corporate culture?
<br>
**Ans** : <br> 
-It is important to do it all together in Korea<br>
-The result is important in USA<br>
-Take the job of someone who can not do it and give it to others in USA. <br>

***

**Q5.** One of the corporate cultures on Facebook is that they often change teams. What do you think about the pros and cons of this culture?<br>
**Ans** : <br> 
-It is important to make it fast. The employee should be able to do the job even if the manager let it work right away tomorrow.<br>
-Facebook gives employees opportunities to learn.(Learning Center)<br>
-A culture of learning while helping each other.<br>

***

**Q6.** Did you choose to study abroad for employment abroad?<br>
**Ans** : <br> 
-No.<br>
***

**Q7.** What is the difference between Korean welfare and American welfare?<br>
**Ans** : <br> 
Companies do not invest a lot in welfare because it is not easy to turnover in Korea. <br>

***